Reword A7a (#1081)
thewca/wca-regulations: wca-regulations.md

    - A6i) Time penalties for stopping the solve are cumulative.
- A7) Recording results:
    - A7a) The judge tells the competitor the result.

>         - A7a1) If the judge assigns any penalties or a DNF, they should tell the competitor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - A7a1) The judge should indicate to the competitor that the puzzle is solved, or that a penalty will be applied.
```

Reviewer 2: Im in strong favor of this change opposed to removing the judge indicating the puzzle is solved entirely. The reasoning is https://www.worldcubeassociation.org/regulations/#A6e
